Documenting readonlyAsDisabled functionality. (#2524)
rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form: docs/api-reference/form-props.md

## formContext

You can provide a `formContext` object to the Form, which is passed down to all fields and widgets. Useful for implementing context aware fields and widgets.

> Using `{readonlyAsDisabled: false}` will make most themes use the toolkit native functionality offer readOnly fields instead of using the HTML-disabled mechanism.

Reviewer: I think this is a more accurate description of what it does, what do you think @mdornseif @heath-freenome  ?
```suggestion
Setting `{readonlyAsDisabled: false}` on the formContext will make the antd theme treat readOnly fields as disabled.
```
